docs: add withFeeDataGetter (#80)
OMGWINNING/aa-sdk-staging: site/packages/aa-core/provider/withFeeDataGetter.md

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: ISmartAccountProvider • withFeeDataGetter
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Overview of the withFeeDataGetter method and accessing the feeDataGetter readonly field on ISmartAccountProvider
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Overview of the withFeeDataGetter method and accessing the feeDataGetter readonly field on ISmartAccountProvider
---

# withFeeDataGetter

> Override the default fee data getter middleware. This middleware is used for setting the `maxFeePerGas` and `maxPriorityFeePerGas` fields on the `UserOperation` prior to its execution.

Reviewer: Can we add a reference to the original feeDataGetter middleware to give people an example of what we are doing?

Author: @rthomare not sure I understand. 

Do you mean the readOnly `feeDataGetter` middleware field? If so, that's added at the bottom of the page.

I can link it to that part of the page.

## Usage

::: code-group

```ts [example.ts]
import { provider } from "./provider";

> provider.withFeeDataGetter(FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction);

Reviewer 2: could you make the example more detailed? For instance, let's define `FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction` and then maybe call `buildUserOperation` and show in a comment how the fee data fields (maxFee and maxPriorityFee) changed in the resulting uo struct after build due to this middleware override

Reviewer 2: bump here @SahilAujla in case missed

Author: Done 
![image](https://github.com/OMGWINNING/aa-sdk-staging/assets/83442423/62120b8b-473e-4b53-bf96-624525ceaae4)

```

<<< @/snippets/provider.ts
:::

## Returns

### `ISmartAccountProvider`

> An updated instance of the provider, which now uses the overridden fee data getter middleware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An updated instance of the provider, which now uses the overridden `feeDataGetter` middleware.
```

const FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction = async (uoStruct) => {
  // For demonstration purposes, we're setting hardcoded fee values.
  // In a real-world scenario, you might fetch these values from a service
  // Or make other determinations.

  // Setting the max fee per gas
  uoStruct.maxFeePerGas = "0x500";

  // Setting the max priority fee per gas
  uoStruct.maxPriorityFeePerGas = "0x50";

  return uoStruct;
};

// Integrate the custom fee data middleware with the provider
provider.withFeeDataGetter(FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction);

// Define the user operation data
const userOpData = {
  target: "0xTARGET_ADDRESS", // Replace with your actual target address
  data: "0xSOME_DATA", // Replace with your actual data
};

// function to call buildUserOperation and log the modified fee data fields
async function displayModifiedFeeData() {
  const resultingUO = await provider.buildUserOperation(userOpData);
  console.log("Modified maxFeePerGas:", resultingUO.maxFeePerGas);
  console.log(
    "Modified maxPriorityFeePerGas:",
    resultingUO.maxPriorityFeePerGas
  );
}

// Call the function to display the modified fee data

> displayModifiedFeeData();

Reviewer 3: don't think we need to create a function for this. would just put them inline

Author: @denniswon this is so we can use async/await. 

Other way of writing this would be: 

```ts
import { provider } from "./provider";

// Define the FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction
const FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction = async (uoStruct) => {
  // For demonstration purposes, we're setting hardcoded fee values.
  // In a real-world scenario, you might fetch these values from a service
  // Or make other determinations.

  // Setting the max fee per gas
  uoStruct.maxFeePerGas = "0x500";

  // Setting the max priority fee per gas
  uoStruct.maxPriorityFeePerGas = "0x50";

  return uoStruct;
};

// Integrate the custom fee data middleware with the provider
provider.withFeeDataGetter(FeeDataMiddlewareOverrideFunction);

// Define the user operation data
const userOpData = {
  target: "0xTARGET_ADDRESS", // Replace with your actual target address
  data: "0xSOME_DATA", // Replace with your actual data
};

(async () => {
  const resultingUO = await provider.buildUserOperation(userOpData);
  console.log("Modified maxFeePerGas:", resultingUO.maxFeePerGas);
  console.log("Modified maxPriorityFeePerGas:", resultingUO.maxPriorityFeePerGas);
})();
```

Let me know if we want to keep it as it is, or replace with the above?

Reviewer 4: replace with the above looks good

> // function to call buildUserOperation and log the modified fee data fields
> async function displayModifiedFeeData() {
>   const resultingUO = await provider.buildUserOperation(userOpData);
>   console.log("Modified maxFeePerGas:", resultingUO.maxFeePerGas);
>   console.log(
>     "Modified maxPriorityFeePerGas:",
>     resultingUO.maxPriorityFeePerGas
>   );
> }
> 
> // Call the function to display the modified fee data
> displayModifiedFeeData();

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
const resultingUO = await provider.buildUserOperation(userOpData);
console.log("Modified maxFeePerGas:", resultingUO.maxFeePerGas);
console.log(
  "Modified maxPriorityFeePerGas:",
  resultingUO.maxPriorityFeePerGas
);
```
